My favorit object. 
Coffe machine. 

One of my favorite object is my coffe machine. 
It's black and middle size. It was gift on my birthday.
I keep it on table on my kitchen. 
I use it two or three time a week. 
I usually make two type of coffee. 
First is espresso, second cappuccino. 
I study make espresso but it's difficult.
I like watching Youtube channel  with coffee make lessons 
Often I buy coffee beans in market. 
There are whole beans and ground coffee in market.
I use ground coffee for my coffee machine. 
I usually have two or three cup of coffee a day. 
Also I make coffee for my wife. 
She like drinking coffee with milk foam. 
This is named ccappuccino. 
I'm going to visit a cafe in the city center at weekend. 

 About my plans.
 Hi, Jayn. 
 Thanks for your emaile. 
 Here's the information about my plans at weekend. 
 I'm going to be in Minsk on Saturday and Sunday. 
 If you have free time, we can have lunch together. 
 I'm goin to visit museums and cinema. 
 My hotel in the center and it named Royal. 
This is nice small ten-rooms hotel with freindly owners. 
On Sunday I'm going to visit ice-hocey match. 
I like wathcing ice-hochey. 
 I will be wait for your call. 
I don't remember your phone number. Email me it. 
Bye, see you soon.  






My usually day 
I get up at 6 o'clock. 
First, I have a shower. Then I have a big breakfast for example - 
usually a  three-egg omelette, two sandwiches ,big plate of pasta 
with biff and a  tea or a  coffee without sugar.
Then I dress and ready to go to work.
I travel to work by train. My work 5 minutes from my house. 
i am an enginer. I like my work but I want new job. 
I meet some people at work. We talk a lot of time and have a good 
time. 
Then I go to cafe and have lunch.
Cafe is expensive way to have lunch but food delicious and waiters 
friendly's. It take a lot of money. 
I work from 7 a.m to  7 p.m. 
I get home at half past 7. 
I like watching TV and drinking tea at home. 
I have dinner with my wifw and little daugther together. 
Finally i go to bed at twenty past eleven.    
  
   
   
five favorite friends 

First. His name is Denidz. He is France but he live in Belarus now.
His grandfather named Karl.
Denidz is very boring. He is therty-three. 
He like countryside. Usually he has weekend at countryside.
I am very sad that i know him.

Second. His name is Dolz. We friends from university. 
I was good for Math but Dolz was bad student. I helped him with Math 
and we became great friends.   

Third. Her name is Kristin. She's sixteen. 
She is great person from song my favorit band called "Kiss".
she's from the USA. 

Fourth. This is my friend Kolia. We are friends from childhood.
He is a taxi-driver. He's thirty-five. He is married. 
He has two sun and a daugther. 
He unhappy for his job. 

Fifth. Fifth my favorit friend is Olga. 
She's a teacher. She's great person. She likes travell. 
She's fourty.  I had some English lessons from her and we became
 great friends. 






